Updated webhooks prod docs (#73)
czue/pegasus-docs: subscriptions.md

### Webhooks in production

To set up webhooks in production:

- Navigate to this page [Webhooks](https://dashboard.stripe.com/webhooks) (assuming you're logged into Stripe).
- Toggle off test mode in the top right corner.
- Click on `Add endpoint`.
- In the `Endpoint URL` field, enter the following URL, replacing `yourserver.com` with your server's domain name. Note: **the trailing slash is required.**
  - `https://yourserver.com/stripe/webhook/`
- Click on `Select Events to Listen To`.

> - Search for `checkout.session.completed`, `customer.subscription.updated`, and `customer.subscription.deleted`, then select them. These events are connected by default (see `apps/subscriptions/webhooks.py` for the source code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for `checkout.session.completed`, `customer.subscription.updated`, and `customer.subscription.deleted`, and select them. These events are connected by default (see `apps/subscriptions/webhooks.py` for the source code). You can add other webhooks as well, but these are the minimum set required for subscriptions and the billing portal to work properly.
```
